Refine contributing doc (#97)
tikv/website: CONTRIBUTING.md

23:    $ tikv-ctl --ca-path ca.pem --cert-path client.pem --key-path client-key.pem --host 127.0.0.1:21060 <subcommands>

content\docs\3.0\tasks\configure\security.md
38:ca-path = "/path/to/ca.pem"
97:    --ca-path   "/path/to/ca.pem"
# ...
```

### Add a page or section

We try to follow the ideas of 'Concepts', 'Tasks', and 'Reference' pages for our versioned documentation.

- **Concepts:** Explain high level concepts, background, and give context. Eg. "What are the components of TiKV?"
- **Tasks:** Explain how to perform a specific procedure. Eg. "How to configure TLS in TiKV?"
- **Reference:** Detailed lists, facts, or configuration info. Eg. "Storage options in TiKV"

If you're confused where to place a page or section, just write it and we'll figure out where best to put it.

If you create a new page you'll need to copy the metadata from an existing page. It looks like this:

```yaml
---
title: My Title
description: My description
menu:
    docs:
        parent: Tasks
        weight: 5     # Configure position
---
```

If your new page has the same name as another, you'll recieve an error and need to rename it.

### Use shortcodes

> In the `/layouts/shortcodes/` folder you can find a number of small 'custom elements' to add things like a `warning` or `info` panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use admonitions like a `warning` or `info` panel in the text, use shortcodes, which is a simple snippet inside a content file that Hugo will render using a predefined template, as shown below.  In the `/layouts/shortcodes/` folder, you can find a number of small 'custom elements', where you can add your custom shortcodes.
```

```markdown
{{< warning >}}
Content of the warning
{{</ warning >}}
```

### Add a blog

> Create a file in `content/blog/` with a file with a slightly different metadata header:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a file in `content/blog/` with the metadata updated accordingly:
```

```yaml
---
title: The title of the post
date: 2019-05-21
author: The author
---
```

### Adding an adopter

> Add the adopter to `data/adopters.yaml` using the format of the other datums.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the adopter to `data/adopters.yaml` using the format of existing datums.
```
